Adding the "Make Unique" Step to instancing in getting started (#7587)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/step_by_step/instancing.rst

.. image:: img/instancing_scene_tabs.png

> Select one of the instanced Ball nodes and, in the Inspector, click the arrow next to the physics material property. Now click "make unique" to enable unique physics properties for this instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select one of the instanced Ball nodes. In the Inspector, click the arrow next
to the  **Physics Material** property then choose **Make Unique**
to allow physics properties to be modified separately for this instance.
```

.. image:: img/instancing_make_unique.png

> Now set its Gravity Scale value to ``10``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set its **Gravity Scale** value to ``10``.
```
